Release notes and migration guide for 17 (#1403)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-17_0_0.adoc

= Default distribution is now powered by Quarkus

The default distribution of Keycloak is now powered by Quarkus, which brings a number of breaking changes to you configure Keycloak and deploy custom providers. For more information check out the migration/migrating-to-quarkus[Quarkus Migration Guide].

> The WildFly distribution of Keycloak is now deprecated, with support ending June 2022. We recommend migrating to the Quarkus distribution as soon as possible. However, if you need to remain on the legacy WildFly distribution for some time, there's some changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WildFly distribution of Keycloak is now deprecated, with support ending June 2022. We recommend migrating to the Quarkus distribution as soon as possible. However, if you need to remain on the legacy WildFly distribution for some time, there are some changes to consider:
```

= Migrating from the preview Quarkus distribution

A number of things have changed since the preview Quarkus distribution was released in Keycloak 15.1.0. The ideal way to learn about what's changed is to check out the new https://www.keycloak.org/guides#server[Server guides]. In summary, the changes include:

* Container now published to `quay.io/keycloak/keycloak:latest` and `quay.io/keycloak/keycloak:17.0.0`
* Download on website renamed to `keycloak-17.0.0.[zip|tar.gz]`.
* `conf/keycloak.properties` changed to `conf/keycloak.conf`, which unifies configuration keys between the config file and CLI arguments.
* Clearer separation between `build options` and `runtime configuration`.
* Custom Quarkus configuration is done through `conf/quarkus.properties`.
* `h2-mem` and `h2-file` databases renamed to `dev-mem` and `dev-file`.
* Features are now enabled/disabled with `--features` and `--features-disabled` replacing the previous approach that had an separate config key for each feature.
* Runtime configuration can no longer be passed to `kc.[sh|bat] build` and is no longer persisted in the build

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logging does not need to be configured using raw quarkus properties anymore, you can use `--log-level` and `--log-format` now. 
```

> * Logging does not need to be configured using raw quarkus properties anymore, you can use `--log-level` and `--log-format` now. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Logging level and format is now configured with `--log-level` and `--log-format`, while in the past these had to be configured using unsupported Quarkus properties.
```
